# Netkit homework from Network Infrastructures exam.

There are 4 different versions of the homework.

Download the file HW1_ASSIGNMENT.pdf and find your name and the homework you've been assigned. This time we will accept homeworks from uncertain people and people that didn't express their preference. If you're Uncertain and you submit the homework, you'll automatically pass to Netkit. If you're Uncertain and do not submit the homework, you'll either have to contact prof. Cuomo for a project assignment or you'll have to take the full written exam on Netkit. 

Assignment has been done in alphabetic order so: Surnames from A to E: HW1_A Surnames from F to L: HW1_B Surnames from M to P: HW1_C Surnames from Q to Z: HW1_D There are both .docx and .pdf files (for compatibility issues, just in case you can't correctly visualize formulas or tables). In order for the homework to be ok, you will have to send me an email with the object "**[NETKIT16][HW1] submission**" enclosing a .zip file named "**surname_hw1_X.zip**" (e.g. ferranti_hw1_A.zip) containing the following files in the format. - a Netkit lab named "**lab_hw1_a_surname**" (e.g. "lab_hw_1_a_ferranti" all lower case) complete with "lab.conf", pcx.startup and pcx subfolders. Do not enclose pcx.disk. The lab has to be coherent with the answers you gave in the .docx. - HW1_A_surname.docx (e.g. HW1_A_ferranti.docx) You can modify this file and answer the questions directly under each point. I will accept .pdf files as well, but make sure to answer the questions. To facilitate answering the question on IP addressing and not to penalize people that didn't come to the lesson due to the public transportation strike, I added a sample of answer you can give. Please be reminded that IP address assignment is a prerequisite of this course. For those brave enough to do the EXTRA POINT, when your lab is all up and running, run an lclean of your lab and enclose THE FIRST capture.pcap file you get from it. DEADLINE IS FRIDAY 28TH - 12:00 o'clock
